It's not about showing up once and
hoping you get the conversion. It's
about doing it again and again and again
without pissing people off so when they
are ready, they think of you and
ultimately convert. If you're new to the
channel, I'm Sevie Perez. I'm the
founder of Ad Conversion. We teach 8,000
plus B2B marketers how to master ads and
we manage over $3 million a month in ad
spend for top B2B SAS brands. In this
video, you're going to learn how to
create an omniresent retargeting
strategy across Facebook, LinkedIn,
Google, YouTube, and X ads. Let's go
ahead and start off by talking about
what remarketing actually looks like
today so that we can really paint this
picture and then break it down. So, this
is what it actually looks like right
now. It's like you are basically
following people that have been to your
website or done something where they've
interact with your brand online and
you're just like spamming them with
these ads to just buy stuff. like you're
you're following them everywhere and all
they ever see is just things to
purchase. It's kind of like the
equivalent of like an e-commerce where
it's like you saw that pair of shoes and
now you go to like Instagram ads and now
you see that shoe pair following you and
like you just can't escape it. You're
just kind of caught in this loop of just
people trying to sell you the same thing
over and over again. Like that's the
experience most people have with
remarketing as a customer and it's
obviously not a very pleasant one. And
this is like what you don't want to do
because, you know, remarketing is kind
of one of these things where it's
everyone knows they need to do it, but
few people know how to actually do it in
a pleasant way. And it if you do this to
the extreme, you could actually
potentially hurt your brand, lose
goodwill, and and really just like piss
people off, which is like really what
we're not going for here. So, here's how
you can drive conversions and nurture
with remarketing in five steps. I'm
going to break down this entire process
for you. So, my goal is you walk away
from this and you can really put this
into practice. Number one is you want to
choose your channels. The goal is to
stay top of mind and be omniresent. That
happens when you're everywhere. So
really what we're trying to do is we're
trying to create a whole ecosystem
around our prospects. So like in this
example you imagine like your prospect
at the center and then we are reaching
them across multiple platforms because
if we want to be omniresent that means
we need to be in as many places
possible. So we're going to need to show
up in multiple platforms. You want to
think big fish small pond to your buyer
so that they think you are everywhere.
And in reality you've just got a really
small tiny remarketing budget spending $
20 to $30 a day. So, in practice, what
this might look like is you're
retargeting people who've been to your
website in the last 30 days. It's not a
very big audience, but you're
retargeting them on Instagram ads, on
YouTube ads, on LinkedIn ads. And to
them, they think you're freaking huge.
They're like, "Man, this brand is
everywhere. I go to Instagram, I see
them, I go to LinkedIn to see them. I go
freaking everywhere. I cannot escape."
Right? Imagine like in their mind,
they're like, "You're huge." But the
reality is is you're spending 20, 30
bucks a day, 100 bucks a day, depending
on how big your audience is. And that's
where remarketing can become really
powerful. Once you've decided on the
channels that you want to focus on, the
second thing you need to do is you need
to create all of the retargeting
segments that are available on those
platforms. And again, we're going for
omniresence. So I really recommend as a
starting point you have two channels
that you're doing retargeting on. So if
you're B2B, I highly recommend LinkedIn
and Meta because that's going to cover
the majority of placements and then in
the future you can scale to YouTube X
and other platforms. So what we want to
do here is when we create our
retargeting segments, we don't want to
make the mistake of only relying on one
time frame or one retargeting segment.
So if you look here at this visual, we
have multiple channels and then we have
different cohorts of time and then
underneath we have all of the different
segments, the ways in which we can
retarget people underneath it. So for
example, we have 30 days, 90 days, 180
days and then we have all time and then
we have all these different ways we can
retarget people. So, people that have
been to our website in the last 30, 90,
180 days, anybody that's been to our
LinkedIn company page, anyone that's
interacted with our document ads on
LinkedIn, anyone that's been to past
events, people that have opened our lead
forms or submitted them, people who've
interacted with our single image ads.
Uh, so the depending on the platform
you're on, the different segments will
vary. But the main thing I want to
stress here is like you don't want to
make this the the trap of just relying
on one single segment. So, we're going
to go ahead and combine these multiple
segments by time frame together to
really scale our remarketing audience
size and to be able to give us that
flexibility to layer on additional
filters to improve quality. So, for
instance, if I was only relying on
30-day site remarketing, people have
been to my website in the last 30 days,
then maybe I don't have as much
flexibility versus if I group 30-day
site remarketing, 30-day company page
visitors, so on and so forth all
together. Now maybe my audience size
goes from 5,000 to 50,000. And now that
gives me much more flexibility where I
can layer in job functions on top of it.
If I'm on LinkedIn ads or some other
things to just try to improve the
quality of the people we're reaching in
our retargeting audience. And I just
want to stress this would not be
possible if you only relied on website
visitors, which most people do. So you
want to go from this one very small
segment audience size to multiple
segments clustered together to beef up
your overall reach. After we've created
all of our retargeting segments for the
platforms we've chosen, we're going to
go ahead now and create all the
exclusions by those time frames. And
what this is going to do is it's going
to allow us to create this like seamless
experience in the eyes of the user where
they're going to move through these
different cohorts and we're going to be
able to showcase relevant offers because
of the exclusions that we've set up. So,
what does this look like? This looks
like excluding anyone that's been to
your thank you page and filled out your
form, anyone that's completed a lead
genen form, any existing customers,
competitors, partners, maybe any poor
fit job titles or functions if you're on
LinkedIn, any irrelevant company sizes.
These are all the things that we want to
exclude from our campaigns so we can
create that seamless experience, right?
So, for instance, if I signed up for
your webinar, I shouldn't be seeing your
webinar ads anymore, right? Pretty
straightforward, super important. So,
make sure you actually go ahead now and
create all the exclusions that are
relevant for you and your business in
addition to the ones that we have listed
here. In addition to exclusions, we want
to make sure that we exclude all 90-day
remarketing segments from your 30-day
campaigns and then all 90-day segments
from your 180 campaigns. So, that way we
create like that seamlessness. So,
basically, anyone that's in your 30-day
segment doesn't see anything from your
90-day segment. And vice versa, anyone
from your 90-day segment doesn't see
anything from your 180 segment. And this
is going to really allow us to create
like that orchestration where users are
moving from these time frames a bit more
seamlessly. Now, just to be clear, you
could get away with not having these
exclusions because just based on the
time frame that's different, they would
enroll into the next one. But if you
wanted to really guarantee it, creating
these exclusions based on these time
frames also really helps create that
sequencing. Now, if you don't have a
large enough remarketing audience to
segment by time frame, then I highly
recommend that you just focus on 90 days
as a starting point. So, meaning if you
don't have the reach to be able to do
30, 90, 180, then just focus on 90 and
then group everything in 90 in terms of
content and offers that we'll talk about
and just keep it simple as a starting
point. After we've created our
exclusions, now what we're going to do
is we're going to split our remarketing
budget in half. So 50% of the time we're
going to showcase valuable content and
then the other 50% of the time we're
going to actually present offers and
we're going to try to get direct
response. For our 30 to 90day audiences,
we're going to be focusing on promoting
product marketing content and social
proof content. I'm going to go and show
you some examples of what that looks
like. So product marketing content, this
is content that focuses on promoting the
capabilities of your product. If you're
a SAS company watching this, I cannot
stress the value of product marketing
content. This is content that actually
educates users on how your product
actually solves their problems. And I
think we are way too quick to jump into
thought leadership type content,
authoritative type content, and we just
forget the base most important type of
content, which is product marketing
content that actually educates people on
how we're the real solution to their
problems. Video content is actually my
favorite type of content for this. So
for instance, like you can see here from
Opio, they have a video walking through
a specific feature. This is really
powerful stuff for us with Sammy, our
new SAS that we launched. It's an ad
automation platform. We're building
videos that cover specific use cases and
automations and workflows, and we're
building one video for each workflow.
And then we're pushing that in our
retargeting audience. So people are
getting educated through remarketing,
which is really valuable. And the better
job you do with product marketing
content when somebody does sign up
eventually, whether it's through
salesled or productled, the retention on
that user will be much better and the
conversion rates because there's already
so much education that went into them
before they actually spoke to somebody
or before they actually tried your
product. The next one is social proof
content. So social proof content is also
fantastic for that 30 to 90day time
frame. And this is content that promotes
your product through other people's, you
know, experiences, perspective, words,
and results. So this is where other
people saying how great you are because
if you're educating people and you're
showing them, hey, here's how my product
is awesome and how it solves your
problems, the next logical thing that
they're going to have is skepticism
where can this actually work for me? And
that's where social proof is really
powerful because it's other people
saying, "Hey, yeah, it worked for me."
So then you can derive from that, "Oh, I
guess it'll likely work for me as well."
So social proof content, you can never
have enough proof. And that's exactly
what this is for your 90 to 180day
audiences. You're going to want to then
add in thought leadership content.
Again, you don't want to make the
mistake of rushing to add in thought
leadership content right away. You
really want to focus on making sure
people understand the the problem you
solve and how you solve it and you know
how great you are from other people's
perspectives. And then thought
leadership content becomes even more
important. Thought leadership content
basically focuses on educating your
target audience and positions you as the
expert. So for instance, this YouTube
video that you're watching right now,
this is a form of thought leadership
content. So, if you're watching this and
you're like, "Wow, this guy knows his
stuff about retargeting, you're going to
look us up at a conversion.com."
Shameless plug. And then you're going to
see, wow, there's three ways that they
can help us. They could, you know, we
could go and take their free courses and
join their academy and further
self-educate, or we could potentially
work with their agency if we're a B2B
SAS, or we could use their software
called Sammy to help us automate our
ads. So, thought leadership content is a
great way to position yourself as
authority, build brand will, do trust,
etc. So that you know in addition to
showing people how you solve their
problems and hearing from other people,
you're also being the authority or being
the source. That's also really really
powerful. But these are the three
buckets of content that really allow us
to create a delightful experience versus
just annoying people all the time
because we split our budget 50/50. 50%
of the time they're going to be seeing
thought leadership, social proof, and
product marketing. And they'll be seeing
this mix of content in addition to our
offers. So with the other 50% of our
budget, we're going to go ahead and
focus on those offers. So this could be
demo requests, free trials, anything
where you want people to take that next
action in terms of their purchasing
journey. Half the time we can do that.
And just by making this, you know, this
one clear line through your budget
saying 50% of the time we're doing
content, 50% of the time we're doing
offers. This will already put you in a
position of one so that when people
actually interact with your brand
online, especially when you're doing
this across channels, it's not just you
like chasing them and saying buy my
stuff and you know showing boring
generic ads. It's no, you're actually
making them smarter. You're helping
them. You're educating them. You're
solving problems for them. And of
course, you're also trying to get them
to take that next step because
ultimately that's what you believe is
going to help them get to the desired
outcome that they want. So, in summary,
with this 50/50 split, you're now
nurturing potential buyers, building
credibility, and educating them on
solutions, and ultimately driving
conversions, which is what we all want.
This fifth point I really want to stress
is you want to focus on retargeting
based on action and not assumption. So,
this could be a separate campaign you
could spin up. And basically what this
is is once a user decides to click on
one of your offer ads. So maybe they go
to your demo page, free trial page, or
they're visiting your pricing page, case
study pages. They have explicit intent,
right? They have raised their hand in
some way, shape, or form and said, "Hey,
I'm actually interested in exploring
your product a bit further because I've
done this thing." So you now no longer
have to assume that they're not
interested or assume they're interested.
you know they are because they went and
they did those certain things that you
declare as intent. So in this case what
you can do is now you can actually spin
up a specific campaign where you
retarget people based on the action they
took and now you can be a little bit
more direct to try to get them to
complete that action. So here's an
example from Beehive. If you visit the
Beehive pricing page in this case now
you would then get a retargeting ad that
would say something like on the fence
about Beehive. There's no way they would
be able to say copy like this and be
this direct if they didn't know without
a shadow of a doubt that it's because
you went to their pricing page. So, this
is an example of this, you know, direct
response retargeting based on action
versus assumption that you can do. And
it's really cool because again, like now
you can get a little bit more specific
with your copy. You can try to move
those high intent users further through
that already had expressed intent in
some way, shape, or form. So put all
these things into practice and create
your omnipresent retargeting strategy
and replicated across those platforms so
that you can really build an incredible
experience that not only drives
conversions but also positions yourself
as the authority and builds and nurtures
brand over time. I hope this video was
valuable. Be sure to give this video a
thumbs up. Really helps us grow our
reach as a small channel. And subscribe
so you can be notified of future videos.
And when you're ready, come check us out
at actconversion.com and join our
community of 8,000 plus B2B marketers
and master ads with our free courses.
Thanks so much.